How do you enforce the honor? Okay. Well, to assume that everyone's vicious
species, the other one's got the data was really not a girl has
gone down. Uh, so but on the west, how do you ensure that your you
know, it's operable in completing their mission? Oh, that's simple.
Expect or you personally inspects. So if the next watch they were supposed
to bring on, you know, bring number two boiler at a lay up and
getting ready to go online on the old 400 watch and you come up.
I had four hundreds. Take the watch, and the book was not out. Uh, what's
going on? Okay, so it's things like that. You know, if all of
a sudden you know things are not happening way posted, that's an indication.
So you have to turn around and enforce it. Okay, um, we were
supposed to have allied ships, boats stowed away, and then everyone
could go on the recall ships boats on stowed away. I'm not taking
the watch. You could keep the watch. Do you still live? So that's an
indicator. It's hard. It's not like the batteries. The fleet is not
the academy. So what? We can still expect that you would bring duty,
honor, country, honor and Fidelity Integrity's with you.